S1T2
https://s1t2.com/
Exploring the future potential of story
Who we are
S1T2 stands for Story 1st, Technology 2nd. We create interactive experiences that immerse audiences in the future of storytelling through technology.

We collaborate with adventurous teams at cultural institutions, brands and social impact initiatives across Asia, the Middle East, the Pacific and the United States.

Our experiences harness the powers of interactive storytelling, which we develop and explore through our own collaborative creative approach. 

The future is easy to imagine; our purpose is reaching its potential
Why we exist
Stories shape the world. But life is never linear.

Each moment is filled with potential. By creating stories that we can step into, change, and revisit, we ask how things can be different – how we can be different.

At S1T2, we believe the technology of today can help us tell these stories of tomorrow, unlocking new possibilities for connection and understanding.

We exist to realise the promise of this emergent potential.

Exploration changes everything
Revealing new possibilities through our own creations
How we do it
For us, exploration and experimentation is about more than making the most of each project. It’s about creating our own projects that push us all forward.

While we see every project as an opportunity to develop our team and our craft, the work that we create for ourself is the truest test of our talents.

These innovative experiences, programs and technologies are the proof of our purpose. We create them as a way of actively and deliberately pushing the frontiers of storytelling across entertainment, education and art.

Read about our approach
Screenshot of island in mobile game Beyond the Stars from S1T2.
Beyond the Stars
A world-first health education program for the Pacific Islands.

Kept VR
An interactive story told through room-scale virtual reality.

Two visitors interact with light installation Alzheimer’s Affinity at Sydney’s Vivid Festival.
Alzheimer’s Affinity
Interactive light artwork explores the mystery of our memories.

Generation Mars, interactive exhibition from creative technology studio S1T2.
Generation Mars
A daring interactive adventure for the whole family.

In-game screenshot of point cloud render from Nuclear Research collaboration between S1T2 and UNSW.
UNSW Nuclear Research
Real-time technology reimagines visualisation for nuclear hot cells.

Crowd at Fables From The Threshold interactive exhibition from creative technology studio S1T2.
Fables From The Threshold
Immersive, interactive exhibition explores the future of technology.

Two children interact with the Revive the Reef interactive artwork at Vivid Sydney.
Revive the Reef
Reef-inspired interactive sculpture shines the light on climate change.

A diverse team of individuals making the most of their talents
The people
Like our stories, S1T2 is human. We are defined by our individuals.

People here come from all communities and backgrounds, with a vast array of skills and perspectives. It’s this cognitive diversity, bound by shared purpose and ambition, that makes S1T2 possible.

S1T2 team members read over script for Westpac Mission Dust Storm training video.
Our work challenges us to continuously grow; to manage the ambiguity that comes from working at the edge and revel in the freedom it brings.

This reality is heavy with responsibility, but it has created a culture of spirited, driven and pragmatic individuals capable of pushing further than others dare.

See more on our Instagram
S1T2 team member works behind the scenes on putting together interactive light installation Revive the Reef
Collaborating with adventurous clients on complex challenges
The work
The ultimate expression of our efforts are the experiences we create. We strive to spend our time on projects that prove our purpose.

Our greatest successes have come from deep collaborations with ambitious people at inventive brands, cultural institutions, government organisations and NGOs around the world.

This journey has shown us that diversity is best bridged by a shared desire to do meaningful and memorable things – no matter the industry, medium or audience.

View our projects


Logo for the National Gallery Singapore.

Logo for The World Bank Group.
Logo for the Australian Government.
Logo for the Dubai World Expo 2020.
Logo for Disney.
Logo for the University of New South Wales.
Logo for Vivo.
Logo for Adobe.
Logo for Mastercard.
Logo for Dior.
Logo for Ford.
Logo for Qantas.
Logo for Atlassian.

Gensler icon.
Logo for CSIRO.
Logo for ADIA, the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority.
VIVID icon.
NASA image.
US space centre banner.
Air Force icon.
Creating ambitious experiences for audiences the world over
The journey
Working in hidden communities of the Pacific Islands to palaces of the Middle East, we have come to appreciate the universality of storytelling. We have found that it is a medium unbound by geography or financial circumstance.

The experiences we create with our clients have not only grown our team’s professional skills, but broadened our horizons conceptually and spiritually. They are how we realise, again and again, the unique potential of storytelling through technology.

Alwasl plaza interactive
Dubai World Expo, UAE
Two women stand in front of interactive touch wall for Japan Supernatural.
Art Gallery of New South Wales, Australia
Beyond the Stars virtual reality experience from creative agency S1T2.
Fiji, Pacific Islands
Man stands in front of large hemisphere projection dome for Into the Blue immersive animation.
Science Centre Singapore
Antopia Immersive Exhibition by S1T2 at Melbourne Museum.
Melbourne, Australia
Data Heart interactive data visualisation from creative technology studio S1T2.
Mastercard New York Head Office, USA
Close up of people interacting with the sprawling light installation Alzheimer’s Affinity at LIT Festival in Bogota, Colombia.
Bogotá, Colombia
Take Me There LED dome interactive experience at vivo Lab in Shenzen.
Shenzen vivo Lab, China
Adventurer VR virtual reality experience from creative technology agency S1T2.
North American International Auto Show, USA
Children in Myanmar.
World bank, Myanmar
Macau Grand Prix Museum interactive exhibition from creative technology studio S1T2.
Grand Prix Museum, Macau
Woman dances in front of data visualisation screen for S1T2 Adobe Remix.
Sydney Opera House, Australia
Stay in the loop
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive updates and insights about S1T2.

Subscribe with your email
Subscribe to the S1T2 newsletter
Let’s get connected
We’re always looking to connect with innovative people and organisations from all over the world.

Send us an email or drop by the studio to say hello so we can work together on our next big project.

creative@s1t2.com
Suite 3/104 Buckingham Street,
Surry Hills, NSW, Australia
S1T2 on LinkedIn
S1T2 on Instagram
S1T2 on Facebook
S1T2 on Youtube
S1T2 on Twitter
S1T2 acknowledges the traditional custodians of Country throughout Australia and their connections to land, sea and community. In particular, we recognise the Gadigal people of the Eora Nation on whose lands we live, work and play. We pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging, and to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples today.

S1T2
© S1T2 2025
Disclaimer